check fee module locked and enable fee before refunding all fees (#1341)
cosmos/ibc-go: CHANGELOG.md

* (modules/core/04-channel) [\#1232](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1232) Updating params on `NewPacketId` and moving to bottom of file. 
* (modules/core/04-channel) [\#1279](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1279) Add selected channel version to MsgChanOpenInitResponse and MsgChanOpenTryResponse. Emit channel version during OpenInit/OpenTry
* (app/29-fee) [\#1305](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1305) Change version string for fee module to `ics29-1`

> * (app/29-fee) [\#1341](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1341) Check fee module locked and enable fee before refunding all fees

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (app/29-fee) [\#1341](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1341) Check if the fee module is locked and if the fee module is enabled before refunding all fees
```
```suggestion
* (app/29-fee) [\#1341](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1341) Check fee module locked and enable fee before refunding all fees
```

> * (app/29-fee) [\#1341](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1341) Check fee module locked and enable fee before refunding all fees

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (app/29-fee) [\#1341](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1341) Check if the fee module is locked and if the fee module is enabled before refunding all fees
```
```suggestion
* (app/29-fee) [\#1341](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-go/pull/1341) Check fee module locked and enable fee before refunding all fees
```
